🛠 Fix react-router exporting functions as types (#1804)
Shopify/quilt: packages/react-router/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.2.6] - 2021-03-30

### Fixed

> - Updated exports which were mistakenly exporting functions as types [#1804](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1804)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export value for `MemoryRouter`, `useRouteMatch`,  `useParams`, `useLocation` and `useHistory`, which were previously only exporting their types [#1804](https://github.com/Shopify/quilt/pull/1804)
```
